Why did you fire me
Jiang Yan
Is your brain broken?
Manager Bai is the day of our textile factory
Who does he want to fire without a reason?
I'm more reasonable
There was a reason for firing him
What reason can you have?
Your firing me is nothing more than public revenge
Your husband is a gambler
It is easy to damage the reputation of our factory.
You disobey factory management
How can I manage others if I don't punish you severely
I order you to get out of the textile factory now
Let you die
Originally, it was just a little year-end benefit.
Don't make trouble to the point of being fired
Now you are satisfied
OK
I go stop
You missed a day's work
Caused damage to the factory
You need to compensate another 200 yuan to go to the white belt country.
Are you being unreasonable?
Jiang Yan, what are you?
Dare to call Manager Bai by his first name
You really think you are the factory manager, you are right
My wife is the director of this factory